1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
that was introduced?
---

I didn't have to check each line for discrancies myself.
It was:
1. Faster
2. Undoubtedly more accurate

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
---

If I break my code somehow I can easily skip back to a previous working version.
I can them compare the two files to see where I went wrong.
This would massively speed up the debugging process.

--Commit--
Each commit should have a single logical change
One purpose

Its a snapshot of every file in your repo for each time you make a commit.

A repo is a collection of files that are tracked as a cohesive unit by git

2. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
---
Each version is likely to make more sense. 
Con- If you don't commit for a while you may miss out on a version inbetween

3. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
---
Git is intended for programming, where changes in files can effect other documents, programs are built up holistically. Google docs you're just working on one thing at a time in an isoolated context, usually.



4. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
----

You can get commit id's off each version using diff.
THEN, run diff with id's to see difference bettween two versions

git checkout - resetting all files to a previous version.


5. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
---
You can experiment without fear of doing irreversable damage. You can always revert to a previous state, prior to experimentation.

5. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
---
I want to use it for building my FCC site with
